Feat(`node url to whatwg url`) (#172)
nodejs/userland-migrations: recipes/node-url-to-whatwg-url/README.md

const myUrl = new URL('https://example.com/some/path?page=1&format=json').toString();
```

> **Note:** The migration of `url.format` can also be done as `` `${new URL('https://example.com/some/path?page=1&format=json')}` `` which is little bit efficienter.

> > But it's may be less readable for some users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The migration of `url.format` can also be done as `` `${new URL('https://example.com/some/path?page=1&format=json')}` `` which is little bit more efficient. But it may be less readable for some users.
```
